nuxtjs.org/content/themes.md, before:

---
template: page
---
::simple-page-hero
title: NuxtJS Themes
description: "Discover a panel of resources made by our partners. By using thoses affiliate resources links, you are helping us to maintain and develop the Open Source Framework."
---
::

::themes-list

themes:
  one:
    title: Nuxt Argon Dashboard PRO
    description: Premium Bootstrap 4 + NuxtJS Admin Template.
    image: https://source.unsplash.com/user/jasebloor/1280x720
    slug: one
    price: $99
  two: 
    title: Nuxt Argon Dashboard PRO Laravel
    description: FULL STACK APP WITH NUXT, LARAVEL & JSON:API.
    image: https://source.unsplash.com/user/remithorel/1280x720
    slug: two
    price: $99
  three: 
    title: Nuxt Now UI Kit
    description: Premium Bootstrap Nuxt.js UI Kit.
    image: https://source.unsplash.com/user/agk42/1280x720
    slug: three
    price: $99
  four: 
    title: Nuxt Black Dashboard PRO
    description: Premium Bootstrap 4 + NuxtJS Admin Template.
    image: https://source.unsplash.com/user/agk42/1280x720
    slug: four
    price: $99
  five: 
    title: Nuxt Scutum Dashboard
    description: Professional Material Design UIkit Admin Template.
    image: https://source.unsplash.com/user/agk42/1280x720
    slug: five
    price: $99
---
::

Commit message:

docs: update images and content on resources section

nuxtjs.org/content/themes.md, after:

---
template: page
---
::simple-page-hero
title: NuxtJS Themes
description: "See how a real world application is built using the Nuxt.js stack with the themes built by our partners."
---
::

::themes-list

themes:
  one:
    title: Nuxt Argon Dashboard PRO
    description: Nuxt Argon Dashboard PRO is built with over 200 individual components, giving you the freedom of choosing and combining.
    image: /img/themes/argon_dashboard_pro.png
    slug: one
    price: $99
    href: https://www.creative-tim.com/product/nuxt-argon-dashboard-pro?partner=120213
  two: 
    title: Nuxt Argon Dashboard PRO Laravel
    description: "All the functionality of a lightweight CMS out of the box, built using two of the most popular frameworks today: Nuxt and Laravel."
    image: /img/themes/argon_dashboard_pro_laravel.png
    slug: two
    price: $149
    href: https://www.creative-tim.com/product/nuxt-argon-dashboard-pro-laravel?partner=120213
  three: 
    title: Nuxt Now UI Kit
    description: A premium responsive Bootstrap 4 kit provided by Invision and Creative Tim. It is a beautiful cross-platform UI kit featuring over 1000+ elements and 11 templates.
    image: /img/themes/nuxt_now_ui_kit.png
    slug: three
    price: $89
    href: https://www.creative-tim.com/product/nuxt-now-ui-kit-pro?partner=120213
  four: 
    title: Nuxt Black Dashboard PRO
    description: "A beautiful Bootstrap 4 Admin Dashboard that comes in 2 versions: Dark and Light Mode."
    image: /img/themes/nuxt_black_dashboard_pro.png
    slug: four
    price: $79
    href: https://www.creative-tim.com/product/nuxt-black-dashboard-pro?partner=120213
  five: 
    title: Nuxt Scutum Dashboard
    description: Scutum Admin is a professional HTML5/CSS3 Material Design template based on UIkit Framework (v3) and Nuxt.
    image: /img/themes/scutum_dashboard.png
    slug: five
    price: $26
    href: https://1.envato.market/scutum-nuxt
---
::
