docs/content/index.md, before:

---
template: landing
title: Documentation Generator based on Nuxt and Windi.
description: >-
  Write pages in markdown, use Vue components, add style with Windi CSS and enjoy the power of Nuxt with a blazing fast developer experience.
navigation: false
---

:::block-hero{yml}
title: title
description: description
cta:
  - Get started
  - /get-started/installation
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/nuxtlabs/docus
snippet: npx degit nuxtlabs/docus-starter#main docs
:::

::::card-grid{title="What's included?"}
  :::card{yml}
  icon: IconNuxt
  description: Harness the full power of Nuxt and the Nuxt ecosystem.
  iconClass: 'text-hex-00DC82' 
  title: Nuxt Architecture.
  :::

  :::card{yml}
  icon: IconVue
  title: Vue Components.
  description: Use built-in components (or your own!) inside your content.
  :::

  :::card{yml}
  icon: IconMarkdown
  title: Write Markdown.
  description: Enjoy the ease and simplicity of Markdown as you write your documentation.
  :::

  :::card{yml}
  icon: IconWindi
  title: Windi CSS.
  description: Windi CSS is built in for great developer experience and rapid customization.
  :::

  :::card{yml}
  icon: IconSSG
  title: Static Generation.
  description: Generate your documentation as a static website and host it anywhere.
  :::

  :::card{yml}
  icon: IconLighthouse
  title: Lighthouse Optimised.
  description: Start with a blazing fast site with a perfect Lighthouse score.
  :::

  :::card{yml}
  icon: IconZap
  title: Smart Generation.
  description: Automatically skip a full build if you've only changed Markdown files.
  :::

  :::card{yml}
  icon: IconPuzzle
  title: Extensible.
  description: Customize the whole design, or add components using slots - you can make Docus your own.
  :::

  :::card{yml}
  icon: IconGitHub
  title: Open Source.
  description: Docus is released under the MIT license and made with love by the NuxtLabs team.
  :::
::::

Commit message:

feat: mdv syntax (#318)
* feat: mdv syntax

* fix: nested blocks

* chore: update syntax page

* feat: support named slots

* chore: update index.md

* fix: conflict with lists

* chore: update index.md

* fix: simplify `<Markdown>` usage

* fix: ordered lists

* chore: typescript

* chore: update docs

* feat: support block indention

* feat: simplify directive usage with double color `::`

* docs: update syntax usage

* chore: clean docs

* chore: simplify components slot

* fix: support class props

docs/content/index.md, after:

---
template: landing
title: Documentation Generator based on Nuxt and Windi.
description: >-
  Write pages in markdown, use Vue components, add style with Windi CSS and enjoy the power of Nuxt with a blazing fast developer experience.
navigation: false
---

::block-hero
cta:
  - Get started
  - /get-started/installation
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/nuxtlabs/docus
snippet: npx degit nuxtlabs/docus-starter#main docs
---title
Documentation Generator based on Nuxt and Windi.
---description
Write pages in markdown, use Vue components, add style with Windi CSS and enjoy the power of Nuxt with a blazing fast developer experience.
::

::card-grid{title="What's included?"}
  ::card
  icon: IconNuxt
  description: Harness the full power of Nuxt and the Nuxt ecosystem.
  iconClass: 'text-hex-00DC82' 
  title: Nuxt Architecture.
  ::

  ::card
  icon: IconVue
  title: Vue Components.
  description: Use built-in components (or your own!) inside your content.
  ::

  ::card
  icon: IconMarkdown
  title: Write Markdown.
  description: Enjoy the ease and simplicity of Markdown as you write your documentation.
  ::

  ::card
  icon: IconWindi
  title: Windi CSS.
  description: Windi CSS is built in for great developer experience and rapid customization.
  ::

  ::card
  icon: IconSSG
  title: Static Generation.
  description: Generate your documentation as a static website and host it anywhere.
  ::

  ::card
  icon: IconLighthouse
  title: Lighthouse Optimised.
  description: Start with a blazing fast site with a perfect Lighthouse score.
  ::

  ::card
  icon: IconZap
  title: Smart Generation.
  description: Automatically skip a full build if you've only changed Markdown files.
  ::

  ::card
  icon: IconPuzzle
  title: Extensible.
  description: Customize the whole design, or add components using slots - you can make Docus your own.
  ::

  ::card
  icon: IconGitHub
  title: Open Source.
  description: Docus is released under the MIT license and made with love by the NuxtLabs team.
  ::
::
