.docs/content/1.introduction/4.configuration.md, before:

# Configuration

Learn how to configure Docus.

::code-group

```ts [Minimal app.config.ts]
export default defineAppConfig({
  docus: {
    title: 'Docus',
    description: 'My Docus Project',
    url: 'http://docus.dev',
    layout: 'default'
  }
})
```

```ts [Complete app.config.ts]
export default defineAppConfig({
  docus: {
    title: 'Docus',
    description: 'My Docus Project',
    url: 'http://docus.dev',
    image: '/social-card-preview.png',
    socials: {
      twitter: '@docus_',
      github: 'nuxtlabs/docus',
    },
    github: {
      root: 'content',
      edit: true,
      contributors: false
    },
    aside: {
      level: 1,
      filter: [],
    },
    header: {
      title: false,
      logo: true,
      showLinkIcon: false
    },
    footer: {
      credits: {
        icon: 'IconDocus',
        text: 'Powered by Docus',
        href: 'https://docus.dev',
      },
      iconLinks: [
        {
          label: 'NuxtJS',
          href: 'https://nuxtjs.org',
          component: 'IconNuxtLabs',
        },
        {
          label: 'Vue Telescope',
          href: 'https://vuetelescope.com',
          component: 'IconVueTelescope',
        },
      ],
    }
  }
})
```

::

| **Key**                     | **Type**   | **Default**      | **Description**                                                     |
| --------------------------- | ---------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `title`                     | `string`   | Docus            | Website title                                                       |
| `description`               | `string`   | My Docus Project | Website description                                                 |
| `url`                       | `string`   |                  | Website URL                                                         |
| `layout`                    | `string`   | default          | Fallback layout to use                                              |
| **Socials**                 |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `socials`                   | `object`   | `{}`             | Social links                                                        |
| `socials.github`            | `string`   |                  | The repository to use on GitHub links                               |
| `socials.twitter`           | `string`   |                  | The account to use on Twitter links                                 |
| `socials.youtube`           | `string`   |                  | The channel to use on Youtube links                                 |
| `socials.instagram`         | `string`   |                  | The account to use on Instagram links                               |
| `socials.facebook`          | `string`   |                  | The account to use on Facebook links                                |
| `socials.medium`            | `string`   |                  | The account to use on Medium links                                  |
| `socials.[social]`          | `object`   |                  | Override social or display custom one                               |
| `socials.[social].label`    | `string`   |                  | A label to use for the social                                       |
| `socials.[social].icon`     | `string`   |                  | A icon to use for the social                                        |
| `socials.[social].href`     | `string`   |                  | A link to use for the social                                        |
| **Header**                  |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `header`                    | `object`   |                  | Header configuration                                                |
| `header.logo`               | `boolean`  |                  | Whether or not to use `Logo.vue` as the header logo                 |
| `header.title`              | `string`   |                  | If set to a string, will be used in the header                      |
| `header.showLinkIcon`       | `boolean`  |                  | If set to `true` links icons will show in the header                |
| `header.exclude`            | `string[]` |                  | An array of path to exclude out from the header navigation          |
| **Aside**                   |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `aside`                     | `object`   |                  | Aside configuration                                                 |
| `aside.level`               | `string`   | 0                | Aside base level of nesting                                         |
| `aside.collapsed`           | `boolean`  |                  | Will be used as default value for collapsible navigation categories |
| `aside.exclude`             | `string[]` |                  | An array of path to exclude out from the aside navigation           |
| **Footer**                  |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `footer`                    | `object`   |                  | Footer configuration                                                |
| `footer.credits`            | `object`   |                  | An object defining the bottom left credits                          |
| `footer.credits.icon`       | `object`   |                  | The icon to use for the credits                                     |
| `footer.credits.text`       | `object`   |                  | The text to use for the credits                                     |
| `footer.iconLinks`              | `array`    | `[]`             | An array of icons to display in the footer                          |
| `footer.iconLinks[0].label`     | `string`    |                  | A label to use for the icon                                         |
| `footer.iconLinks[0].href`      | `string`    |                  | A link to use for the icon                                          |
| `footer.iconLinks[0].icon`      | `string`    |                  | The icon to use (can be a component name)                           |
| **GitHub**                  |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `github`                    | `object`   | `false`          | GitHub integration configuration                                    |
| `github.edit`               | `boolean`  |                  | Toggle "Edit this page on Github" component on documentation pages  |
| `github.contributors`       | `boolean`  |                  | Toggle contributors component on documentation pages                |
| `github.root`               | `string`   |                  | The root path to use for "Edit on Github" component                 |

Commit message:

chore(layout): add layout config to config page

.docs/content/1.introduction/4.configuration.md, after:

# Configuration

Learn how to configure Docus.

::code-group

```ts [Minimal app.config.ts]
export default defineAppConfig({
  docus: {
    title: 'Docus',
    description: 'My Docus Project',
    url: 'http://docus.dev',
    layout: 'default'
  }
})
```

```ts [Complete app.config.ts]
export default defineAppConfig({
  docus: {
    title: 'Docus',
    description: 'My Docus Project',
    url: 'http://docus.dev',
    image: '/social-card-preview.png',
    socials: {
      twitter: '@docus_',
      github: 'nuxtlabs/docus',
    },
    github: {
      root: 'content',
      edit: true,
      contributors: false
    },
    layout: {
      fluid: true
    },
    aside: {
      level: 1,
      filter: [],
    },
    header: {
      title: false,
      logo: true,
      showLinkIcon: false
    },
    footer: {
      credits: {
        icon: 'IconDocus',
        text: 'Powered by Docus',
        href: 'https://docus.dev',
      },
      iconLinks: [
        {
          label: 'NuxtJS',
          href: 'https://nuxtjs.org',
          component: 'IconNuxtLabs',
        },
        {
          label: 'Vue Telescope',
          href: 'https://vuetelescope.com',
          component: 'IconVueTelescope',
        },
      ],
    }
  }
})
```

::

| **Key**                     | **Type**   | **Default**      | **Description**                                                     |
| --------------------------- | ---------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `title`                     | `string`   | Docus            | Website title                                                       |
| `description`               | `string`   | My Docus Project | Website description                                                 |
| `url`                       | `string`   |                  | Website URL                                                         |
| `layout`                    | `string`   | default          | Fallback layout to use                                              |
| **Socials**                 |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `socials`                   | `object`   | `{}`             | Social links                                                        |
| `socials.github`            | `string`   |                  | The repository to use on GitHub links                               |
| `socials.twitter`           | `string`   |                  | The account to use on Twitter links                                 |
| `socials.youtube`           | `string`   |                  | The channel to use on Youtube links                                 |
| `socials.instagram`         | `string`   |                  | The account to use on Instagram links                               |
| `socials.facebook`          | `string`   |                  | The account to use on Facebook links                                |
| `socials.medium`            | `string`   |                  | The account to use on Medium links                                  |
| `socials.[social]`          | `object`   |                  | Override social or display custom one                               |
| `socials.[social].label`    | `string`   |                  | A label to use for the social                                       |
| `socials.[social].icon`     | `string`   |                  | A icon to use for the social                                        |
| `socials.[social].href`     | `string`   |                  | A link to use for the social                                        |
| **Layout**                  |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `layout`                    | `object`   |                  | Layout configuration                                                |
| `layout.fluid`              | `boolean`  |                  | Enables the `fluid` layout mode.                                    |
| **Header**                  |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `header`                    | `object`   |                  | Header configuration                                                |
| `header.logo`               | `boolean`  |                  | Whether or not to use `Logo.vue` as the header logo                 |
| `header.title`              | `string`   |                  | If set to a string, will be used in the header                      |
| `header.showLinkIcon`       | `boolean`  |                  | If set to `true` links icons will show in the header                |
| `header.exclude`            | `string[]` |                  | An array of path to exclude out from the header navigation          |
| **Aside**                   |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `aside`                     | `object`   |                  | Aside configuration                                                 |
| `aside.level`               | `string`   | 0                | Aside base level of nesting                                         |
| `aside.collapsed`           | `boolean`  |                  | Will be used as default value for collapsible navigation categories |
| `aside.exclude`             | `string[]` |                  | An array of path to exclude out from the aside navigation           |
| **Footer**                  |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `footer`                    | `object`   |                  | Footer configuration                                                |
| `footer.credits`            | `object`   |                  | An object defining the bottom left credits                          |
| `footer.credits.icon`       | `object`   |                  | The icon to use for the credits                                     |
| `footer.credits.text`       | `object`   |                  | The text to use for the credits                                     |
| `footer.iconLinks`          | `array`    | `[]`             | An array of icons to display in the footer                          |
| `footer.iconLinks[0].label` | `string`   |                  | A label to use for the icon                                         |
| `footer.iconLinks[0].href`  | `string`   |                  | A link to use for the icon                                          |
| `footer.iconLinks[0].icon`  | `string`   |                  | The icon to use (can be a component name)                           |
| **GitHub**                  |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `github`                    | `object`   | `false`          | GitHub integration configuration                                    |
| `github.edit`               | `boolean`  |                  | Toggle "Edit this page on Github" component on documentation pages  |
| `github.contributors`       | `boolean`  |                  | Toggle contributors component on documentation pages                |
| `github.root`               | `string`   |                  | The root path to use for "Edit on Github" component                 |
