---
category: More
---

# Deployment

> Deploy your documentation with Docus to any static hosting 🪶

To generate the documentation for production, run the following command:

<code-group>
  <code-block label="Yarn" active>

```bash
yarn build
```

</code-block>
<code-block label="NPM">

```bash
npm run build
```

</code-block>
</code-group>

A `dist/` directory will be generated, ready to be deployed on any static host (GitHub Pages, Vercel, Netlify, Surge, etc).


## Vercel

If you would like to deploy a Docus site on Vercel, no configuration is necessary. Vercel will detect that you are using Docus (aka Nuxt) and will enable the correct settings for your deployment.   
Just click on the below button to start.

<button-link blank href="https://vercel.com/new">Import your project into Vercel</button-link>

After your project has been imported, all subsequent pushes to branches will generate [Preview Deployments](https://vercel.com/docs/platform/deployments#preview), and all changes made to the [Production Branch](https://vercel.com/docs/git#production-branch) (commonly "main") will result in a [Production Deployment](https://vercel.com/docs/platform/deployments#production).


## Netlify

Netlify has Git-based Deployment that will continuously deploy every time you push to main (or whatever branch you choose).   
Just click on the below button and import your project into Netlify. Netlify will detect that you are using Docus and will enable the correct settings for your deployment.

<button-link blank href="https://app.netlify.com/start">Import your project into Netlify</button-link>

After your project has been imported, all subsequent pushes to main branch will generates a deployment.


## Surge

Surge is a static web publishing platform. It provides powerful CLI utils to deploy static websites.

- Install `surge` package globally:

<code-group>
<code-block label="Yarn" active>

```bash
npm global add surge
```

</code-block>
<code-block label="NPM">

```bash
npm install --global surge
```

</code-block>
</code-group>

- Generate the documentation. Generating Docus project will create `dist` directory that contains all contents of your documentation.

<code-group>
  <code-block label="Yarn" active>

```bash
yarn build
```

</code-block>
<code-block label="NPM">

```bash
npm run build
```

</code-block>
</code-group>

- use `surge` CLI tools to publish `dist` directory

```bash
surge dist
```

Surge automatically uploads static contents. When it succeeds, you can view the URL where your site is now available.
You may also want to [use custom domain](https://surge.sh/help/adding-a-custom-domain) for your documentation.


## Github Pages

The best way to deploy Docus on Github Pages is using [Github Actions](https://github.com/features/actions). Github Actions will build, generate and publish your documentation on Github Pages.

If you have a workflow you need to append a new step to your existing workflow.  

```yaml
- name: Deploy
  uses: JamesIves/github-pages-deploy-action@4.1.0
  with:
    branch: gh-pages
    folder: ./dist
```

**Note**: You must insert this step after `generate`. This step uses the [Deploy to Github Pages Action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/deploy-to-github-pages) to push the generated files from the `dist` folder to your default GitHub Pages branch `gh-pages`.

If you don't have a workflow you will need to create a new one. Create a new file called `gh-pages.yml` in `.github/workflows` directory and paste the following content into the file.

```yaml [.github/workflows/gh-pages.yml]
name: gh-pages
on: [push, pull_request]
jobs:
  deploy:
    runs-on: ${{ matrix.os }}

    strategy:
      matrix:
        os: [ubuntu-latest]
        node: [14]

    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: Setup node env
        uses: actions/setup-node@v2.1.2
        with:
          node-version: ${{ matrix.node }}

      - name: Install dependencies
        run: yarn

      - name: Generate
        run: yarn run nuxt generate

      - name: Deploy
        uses: JamesIves/github-pages-deploy-action@4.1.0
        with:
          branch: gh-pages
          folder: ./dist
```

Save the file and push it to the repository. Check out the Actions tab in your Github repository and you'll see the running job. Once the job has finished, your site should be live.

## Gitlab Pages

To deploy Docus to Gitlab Pages to can use [`Gitlab CI`](https://about.gitlab.com/stages-devops-lifecycle/continuous-integration/). Gitlab uses specific [artifact](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/pipelines/job_artifacts.html) to detect the public content of your projects and deploy it as static pages.

Create `.gitlab-ci.yml` in the root directory of your project and paste the following content into the file. If you already have `gitlab-ci.yml`, edit the file and add `pages` section into it.

```yaml [.gitlab-ci.yml]
image: node:14

pages:
  script:
    - yarn
    - yarn run nuxt generate
    - mv dist public
  # specify `public` directory for artifacts.
  artifacts:
    paths:
      - public
```

Save the file and push it to the repository. Check out running pipeline in `CI / CD` > `Pipelines` section. When it succeeds, go to `Settings` > `Pages` to view the URL where your site is now available.
