docs/content/3.more/5.extend.md, before:

---
menuTitle: Extend
category: More
---

# Extend

> Extend Docus with the power of Nuxt modules

Docus is based on the Nuxt therefore you have the benefit of using [Nuxt Modules](https://modules.nuxtjs.org/).

## Analytics

The are multiple [analytincs module](https://modules.nuxtjs.org/?orderBy=desc#Analytics) that you can use with your documentation. Choose the one that you prefer.

### Plausible

Using `vue-plausible` plugin, you can integrate Plausible with your documentation website. 

1. Register on [Plausible](https://plausible.io) and add your website info.

2. Install Plausible plugin in your project.

<d-code-group>
  <d-code-block label="Yarn" active>

```bash
yarn install vue-plausible
```

</d-code-block>
<d-code-block label="NPM">

```bash
npm install vue-plausible
```

</d-code-block>
</d-code-group>

3. Register the plugin

```js [nuxt.config.js]
export default {
  buildModules: [
    'vue-plausible/lib/esm'
  ]
}
```

That's it.✨ Deploy your project and enjoy Plausible.


### Custom integration

If you did not found the right module or you don't want to use existed modules, you always can do anything manually. Let's say you want to integrate <a href="https://plausible.io" rel="noopener noreferrer">Plausible Analytics</a> manually.

After complete registeration, Plausible gives you an install snippet, the snipper will be a script tag like this:

```html
<script async defer data-domain="YOUR_DOMAIN" src="https://plausible.io/js/plausible.js"></script>
```

In this step you need to add this script inside `<head>` of your website. This can be done using [the head property](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/configuration-glossary/configuration-head/).

Edit `nuxt.config.js` and add the script in head property:

```js [nuxt.config.js]
export default {
  head: {
    script: [
      { async: true, defer: true, "data-domain": "YOUR_DOMAIN", src: "https://plausible.io/js/plausible.js" }
    ]
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Apply suggestions from code review
Co-authored-by: Daniel Roe <daniel@roe.dev>

docs/content/3.more/5.extend.md, after:

---
menuTitle: Extend
category: More
---

# Extend

> Extend Docus with the power of Nuxt modules

Docus is based on Nuxt, so you can benefit from the existing ecosystem of [Nuxt Modules](https://modules.nuxtjs.org/).

## Analytics

There are multiple [analytics modules](https://modules.nuxtjs.org/?orderBy=desc#Analytics) that you can use with your documentation. Just choose the one that you prefer.

### Plausible

If you want to use Plausible, you can do so with the `vue-plausible` plugin. 

1. Register on [Plausible](https://plausible.io) and add your website info.

2. Install the Plausible plugin in your project.

<d-code-group>
  <d-code-block label="Yarn" active>

```bash
yarn install vue-plausible
```

</d-code-block>
<d-code-block label="NPM">

```bash
npm install vue-plausible
```

</d-code-block>
</d-code-group>

3. Register the plugin

```js [nuxt.config.js]
export default {
  buildModules: [
    'vue-plausible/lib/esm'
  ]
}
```

That's it.✨ Deploy your project and enjoy Plausible.


### Custom integration

If you didn't find the integration you were looking for or if you don't want to use an existing module, you can always can set things up manually. Let's say you want to integrate <a href="https://plausible.io" rel="noopener noreferrer">Plausible Analytics</a> manually.

After you complete registration, Plausible gives you an install snippet, a script tag that looks like this:

```html
<script async defer data-domain="YOUR_DOMAIN" src="https://plausible.io/js/plausible.js"></script>
```

All you need to do is add this script inside the `<head>` of your website. This can be done using [the head property](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/configuration-glossary/configuration-head/).

So just edit `nuxt.config.js` and add the script:

```js [nuxt.config.js]
export default {
  head: {
    script: [
      { async: true, defer: true, "data-domain": "YOUR_DOMAIN", src: "https://plausible.io/js/plausible.js" }
    ]
  }
}
```
