.docs/content/2.api/2.composables.md, before:

# Composables

Discover the Docus composables.

## `useDocus()`

`useDocus()`{lang=ts} gives access to docus runtime config, all default values and your custom config from `app.config.ts`

```vue
<script setup>
const docus = useDocus()
</script>

<template>
  <div>
    <h1>{{ docus.title }}</h1>
    <p>{{ docus.description }}</p>
  </div>
</template>
```

## `useCurrentNavigation()`

`useCurrentNavigation()`{lang="ts"} gives access to current navigation calculated from @nuxt/content navigation object and features in theme and pages front-matter.

```ts
const {
  // Navigation object
  tree,
  // Aside config computed from front-matter and theme config
  asideConfig
} = useCurrentNavigation()
```

::source-link
---
source: "/packages/docs-theme/composables/useCurrentNavigation.ts"
---
::

## `useMenu()`

`useMenu()` gives access to `$menu` plugin controlling mobile navigation globally.

```ts
const {
  // Is menu visible
  visible,
  // Close menu function
  close,
  // Open menu function
  open,
  // Toggle menu function
  toggle
} = useMenu()
```

::source-link
---
source: "/packages/docs-theme/composables/useMenu.ts"
---
::

## `useRepository()`

`useRepository()` gives access to repository information given by [GitHub package](/packages/github/features).

That can be useful to build UI from live repository information.

```ts
const {
  // Repository information
  repository,
  // Last release
  last
} = useRepository()
```

::source-link
---
source: "/packages/docs-theme/composables/useRepository.ts"
---
::

## `useScrollspy()`

`useScrolspy()` is used in `docs` layout to make the ToC display the currently visible headings.

```ts
const {
  // Headings on the page
  visibleHeadings,
  // Active headings (for the current page)
  activeHeadings,
  // Update headings (an array of DOM nodes)
  updateHeadings
} = useScrollspy()
```

::source-link
---
source: "/packages/docs-theme/composables/useScrollspy.ts"
---
::

Commit message:

docs: improvements (#711)
* 4 updates by Nuxt

* 1 update by Nuxt

.docs/content/2.api/2.composables.md, after:

# Composables

Discover the Docus composables to use in your custom Vue components and pages.

## `useDocus()`

`useDocus()`{lang=ts} gives access to docus runtime config, all default values and your custom config from `app.config.ts`

```vue
<script setup>
const docus = useDocus()
</script>

<template>
  <div>
    <h1>{{ docus.title }}</h1>
    <p>{{ docus.description }}</p>
  </div>
</template>
```

## `useCurrentNavigation()`

`useCurrentNavigation()`{lang="ts"} gives access to current navigation calculated from @nuxt/content navigation object and features in theme and pages front-matter.

```ts
const {
  // Navigation object
  tree,
  // Aside config computed from front-matter and theme config
  asideConfig
} = useCurrentNavigation()
```

::source-link
---
source: "/packages/docs-theme/composables/useCurrentNavigation.ts"
---
::

## `useMenu()`

`useMenu()` gives access to `$menu` plugin controlling mobile navigation globally.

```ts
const {
  // Is menu visible
  visible,
  // Close menu function
  close,
  // Open menu function
  open,
  // Toggle menu function
  toggle
} = useMenu()
```

::source-link
---
source: "/packages/docs-theme/composables/useMenu.ts"
---
::

## `useScrollspy()`

`useScrolspy()` is used in `docs` layout to make the ToC display the currently visible headings.

```ts
const {
  // Headings on the page
  visibleHeadings,
  // Active headings (for the current page)
  activeHeadings,
  // Update headings (an array of DOM nodes)
  updateHeadings
} = useScrollspy()
```

::source-link
---
source: "/packages/docs-theme/composables/useScrollspy.ts"
---
::
