---
title: "What is Docus ?"
description: "Docus is a website generator based on Nuxt 3 and Nuxt Content."
---

It comes with all of these two technologies features:

::list

- Edge and Static rendering
- First-class developer experience
- Wide ecosystem of modules
- A Markdown syntax made for Vue components (**MDC**)
- Navigation generation
- Code highlighting
- Blazing fast hot module replacement in development
::

Docus combines these two and creates a seamless integration of your content files into your website pages.

## Another documentation generator ?

Docus is much more than a documentation generator, it's a document-driven framework.

The current website you are reading consists in two packages:

- [@docus/base]()
- [@docus/docs-theme]()

@docus/base provides the binding between your content files and your website pages.

It also comes with a lot of features you're about to discover, like [useDocus composable](), or [theming]().

@docus/docs-theme provides all the UI related features.

You could obviously replace @docus/docs-theme by any other theme, official ones, or community ones!

::alert{type="info"}
Browse our [packages section](/packages/docs/features) to discover all the available themes.
::

## Document-driven framework

Docus provides a direct binding between `content/**/*.md` and your website pages.

This pattern enables a lot of possibilities from your Markdown documents, giving a lot of power to content-creators.

It also makes theme creation as bliss, as developer always have access to front-matter and document body from the current page via `useDocus()` composable.

You could use front-matter to create heavily customizable website layouts that content-creators can switch between and customize in a straightforward way.

## Some history

Docus is inherited from `@nuxt/content-theme-docs`, which used to be the documentation theme to be used with `@nuxt/content`.

The `@docus/docs-theme` package is now the official alternative to `@nuxt/content-theme-docs` using Nuxt 3.

As here we are pursuing bigger projects at [NuxtLabs](https://nuxtlabs.com), we needed a solid foundation like `@docus/base` to build our official themes and packages.

You can see Docus as a extendable Nuxt 3 project that comes with batteries included to build themes and document-driven websites.
