---
title: "Content creation"
description: "Docus offers an exceptional authoring experience that gives superpowers to your team."
---

Content creators can focus on creating pages structure and content.

Developers can focus on creating components and layouts to interact with from the content.

## Filesystem-Based Routing

Based on [Nuxt Pages](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/guide/directory-structure/pages), Docus uses a filesystem-based routing system.

Nuxt natively makes a binding between your `pages/**/*.vue` files and your website routes.

Docus uses this to make a similar binding between your `content/**/*.md` files and your website pages.

Here is some examples of how this works:

| File | Internal path |
| ----------------- | :-------- |
| `content/index.md` | `/` |
| `content/about.md` | `/about` |
| `content/blog/index.md` | `/blog` |
| `content/blog/hello.md` | `/blog/hello` |
| `content/1.guide/2.installation` | `/guide/installation` |

::alert{type="info"}
Check out [this page](https://content.nuxtjs.org/guide/writing/content-directory) from Nuxt Content documentation to learn more about the `content/` directory.
::

## Who does what?

By skipping the concept of page components, we put a lot of power in the hands of the content creators.

- [MDC syntax](https://content.nuxtjs.org/guide/writing/mdc) offers the smoothest way to write content and interact with components.

It allows content teams to quickly iterate on page structure and contents.

- [`<Markdown>` component](https://content.nuxtjs.org/api/components/markdown) gives developers the possibility to create Markdown-compatible slots into components.

It allows developers to focus on making the best themes for the content-creators to play with.

## Globally accessible page

By enforcing this content<->page binding, Docus can expose a global variable that refers to the current `.md` file the user is browsing.

```ts
const { page } = useDocus()
```

This allows a lot of things, like being able to change the layout of your page from any content file.

```md [content/index.md]
---
layout: page
---
```

You could also imagine configuring the layouts from there.

```md [content/index.md]
---
layout: docs
aside: true
toc: false
---
```

The possibilities are endless from this pattern, it's all up to theme creators to decide how they want to use it.
