---
title: "Customization"
description: "Docus comes with utilities that takes advantage of Nuxt 3 extending features to provide an amazing developer experience for theme authors."
---

`@docus/base` enforce a specific way to build a website with Nuxt which allows theme authors to focus on providing components and layouts.

It also allows the Docus team to continually improve the Docus ecosystem without needing theme authors to update anything.

## Theming

Themes are regular Nuxt 3 projects that extends `@docus/base` and has a `theme` key in `nuxt.config`.

These themes can extend your project by adding `modules`, `pages`, `components`, `plugins` and anything else that a native Nuxt 3 project supports.

In the [Theming](/guide/theming/usage) section, you'll discover how to use themes with Docus.

::alert{type="info"}
Browse our [themes section](/packages/docs/features) to discover all the available themes.
::

## Overwriting

If you want to overwrite **any** component provided by a theme to make it yours, the method is really easy!

As you project files will always have priority over the theme ones, you only have to keep the naming.

Let's say you want to update the `fluid.vue` layout from `@docus/docs-theme`.

You simply have to create a `layouts/fluid.vue` file at your project-level.

This layout will take priority over the one provided by the theme, and let you override it.

Most themes are shipped as NPM packages that has the exact same structure as any other Nuxt project.

That means you can easily:

- Dig into `node_modules/@docus/docs-theme/layouts` or `/components`
- Make a copy of `fluid.vue` in `layouts/`
- Apply your changes
- Keep your pages using `layout: fluid`, and profit of the new additions you've made!

This pattern is really convenient for both the theme author and the person in charge of the project using it!

It applies to any component, composables, layouts, pages, middleware, and any extendable Nuxt 3 feature.
