docs/pages/2.usage/1.content.md, before:

---
menuTitle: Content
category: Usage
---

# Writing content for the docs

Once you've set up your documentation, you may immediately start writing markdown inside the `content/` directory.

```md [content/index.md]
---
category: 'Getting started'
---

# Introduction

> Empower your Nuxt application with this awesome module.

Introducing my awesome Nuxt module!
```

:::alert{type="info"}
Checkout Nuxt Content documentation on [writing markdown content](https://content.nuxtjs.org/writing#markdown).
:::

## Front-matter

Every markdown file should define properties in its front-matter in order to work properly.

| Key | Type | Description |
|---------|--------| -----|
| `title` | `String` | Title of the page (will also be injected in metas) |
| `description` | `String` | Description of the page, will be added below the title and injected into the metas |
| `category` | `String` | Group documents in the navigation, if `category` is falsy or not a string, it is coerced to be an empty string, and isn't rendered in the sidebar |
| `version` | `Float` | Alert users that the page is new with a badge. Once the page is seen, the version is stored in localStorage and the badge won't be shown again until the version is incremented  |
| `fullscreen` | `Boolean` | Expands the page content and hides the table of contents |
| `menu` | `Boolean` | If set to `false`, the page will not display in the left menu and Next/Prev links |
| `menuTitle` | `String` | If set, overrides the title that will be displayed in the left menu |
| `badge` | `String` | Adds a badge next to the page title |
| `position` | `Number` | Position of the page within the category. By default we use the filename prefix `POSITION.`, example: `1.first-page.md` |
| `draft` | `Boolean` | Mark the page as draft (and only display it in development mode). By default we use the filename suffix `.draft`, example: `3.my-draft-page.draft.md` |
| `head` | `Object` | Add the HTML Head tags for the current page. The structure of head property is same as [Nuxt head method](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/components-glossary/pages-head/) but in YAML syntax. To know the list of options you can give to head, take a look at [vue-meta documentation](https://vue-meta.nuxtjs.org/api/#metainfo-properties) |
| `toc` | `false \| object` | If set to `false`, it will disable the table of contents generation. |
| `toc.title` | `String` | If set, overrides the title of table of contents section. |
| `toc.depth` | `Number` | Determine the depth of generated TOC. Default value is `2`, which mean only detect `h2` and `h3` tags. |

The **title** and **description** are automatically filed from the Markdown content:

```md
# Title of the page

> Description of the page
```

You can overwrite them using the front-matter:

```md
---
title: Overwritten title
description: Overwritten description
---

# Title of the page

> Description of the page
```

## Locales

The first level of directories in the `content/` folder are the locales used with [nuxt-i18n](https://github.com/nuxt-community/i18n-module) as defined in your `nuxt.config.js`.

If no `en` directory is specified, all the files inside `content/` will be considered as English:

```bash
content/
  1.index.md
  2.about.md
  setting.json
```

You can override the locales in your `nuxt.config.js`:

```ts [nuxt.config.js]
import { withDocus } from 'docus'

export default withDocus({
  i18n: {
    locales: () => [{
      code: 'en',
      iso: 'en-US',
      file: 'en-US.js',
      name: 'English'
    }, {
      code: 'fr',
      iso: 'fr-FR',
      file: 'fr-FR.js',
      name: 'Français'
    }]
  }
})
```

Then you'll need to use this directory structure:

```bash
content/
  en/
    1.index.md
    2.about.md
  fr/
    1.index.md
    2.about.md
  setting.json
```

:::alert{type="info"}
As explained in the [Nuxt config](/get-started/configuration#nuxt) section, we use `defu.arrayFn` to merge your config. You can override the `i18n.locales` array by using a function, or you can pass an array to concat with the default one (which only includes the `en` locale).
:::

## Routing

Each markdown page in the `content/` directory will become a page and will be listed in the left navigation.

> You can also put your markdown files in subdirectories to generate sub-routes.

**Example**

:::code-group

``` [Directory structure]
content/
  examples/
    basic-usage.md
  setup.md
```

``` [Generated routes]
/examples/basic-usage
/setup
```

:::

> You can take a look at our [docs content folder](https://github.com/nuxt/content/tree/dev/docs/content/en) to see an example

Commit message:

feat: navigation (#288)
* feat: navigation generator

* chore: remove depth

* fix: navigation `get`

* feat: introduce `navigation` front matter and remove `menu`, `menuTitle` and `category`

* feat: add nuxt hook

* chore: cleanup

* chore: update core

* feat: exclusive navigation

* docs: update docs

* :bug: (merge) import duplicate due to merging

* fix: update `currentNav` generation

Co-authored-by: Yaël Guilloux <yael.guilloux@gmail.com>

docs/pages/2.usage/1.content.md, after:

---
navigation:
  title: Content
---

# Writing content for the docs

Once you've set up your documentation, you may immediately start writing markdown inside the `content/` directory.

```md [content/index.md]
---
category: 'Getting started'
---

# Introduction

> Empower your Nuxt application with this awesome module.

Introducing my awesome Nuxt module!
```

:::alert{type="info"}
Checkout Nuxt Content documentation on [writing markdown content](https://content.nuxtjs.org/writing#markdown).
:::

## Front-matter

Every markdown file should define properties in its front-matter in order to work properly.

| Key | Type | Description |
|---------|--------| -----|
| `title` | `String` | Title of the page (will also be injected in metas) |
| `description` | `String` | Description of the page, will be added below the title and injected into the metas |
| `navigation` | `false \| Object` | If set to `false`, the page will not display in Docus navigation menus and Next/Prev links |
| `navigation.title` | `String` | If set, overrides the title that will be displayed in navigation menus | 
| `navigation.nested`| `Boolean`| If set to `false`, the nested pages will not display in Docus navigation menus |
| `navigation.slot`  | `String` | Mark the page to show in specific menu |
| `navigation.exclusive` | `Boolean` | If set to `true`, other pages will not show in the left menu when user visiting the page or its nested pages. |
| `version` | `Float` | Alert users that the page is new with a badge. Once the page is seen, the version is stored in localStorage and the badge won't be shown again until the version is incremented  |
| `fullscreen` | `Boolean` | Expands the page content and hides the table of contents |
| `badge` | `String` | Adds a badge next to the page title |
| `position` | `Number` | Position of the page within the category. By default we use the filename prefix `POSITION.`, example: `1.first-page.md` |
| `draft` | `Boolean` | Mark the page as draft (and only display it in development mode). By default we use the filename suffix `.draft`, example: `3.my-draft-page.draft.md` |
| `head` | `Object` | Add the HTML Head tags for the current page. The structure of head property is same as [Nuxt head method](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/components-glossary/pages-head/) but in YAML syntax. To know the list of options you can give to head, take a look at [vue-meta documentation](https://vue-meta.nuxtjs.org/api/#metainfo-properties) |
| `toc` | `false \| object` | If set to `false`, it will disable the table of contents generation. |
| `toc.title` | `String` | If set, overrides the title of table of contents section. |
| `toc.depth` | `Number` | Determine the depth of generated TOC. Default value is `2`, which mean only detect `h2` and `h3` tags. |

The **title** and **description** are automatically filed from the Markdown content:

```md
# Title of the page

> Description of the page
```

You can overwrite them using the front-matter:

```md
---
title: Overwritten title
description: Overwritten description
---

# Title of the page

> Description of the page
```

## Locales

The first level of directories in the `content/` folder are the locales used with [nuxt-i18n](https://github.com/nuxt-community/i18n-module) as defined in your `nuxt.config.js`.

If no `en` directory is specified, all the files inside `content/` will be considered as English:

```bash
content/
  1.index.md
  2.about.md
  setting.json
```

You can override the locales in your `nuxt.config.js`:

```ts [nuxt.config.js]
import { withDocus } from 'docus'

export default withDocus({
  i18n: {
    locales: () => [{
      code: 'en',
      iso: 'en-US',
      file: 'en-US.js',
      name: 'English'
    }, {
      code: 'fr',
      iso: 'fr-FR',
      file: 'fr-FR.js',
      name: 'Français'
    }]
  }
})
```

Then you'll need to use this directory structure:

```bash
content/
  en/
    1.index.md
    2.about.md
  fr/
    1.index.md
    2.about.md
  setting.json
```

:::alert{type="info"}
As explained in the [Nuxt config](/get-started/configuration#nuxt) section, we use `defu.arrayFn` to merge your config. You can override the `i18n.locales` array by using a function, or you can pass an array to concat with the default one (which only includes the `en` locale).
:::

## Routing

Each markdown page in the `content/` directory will become a page and will be listed in the left navigation.

> You can also put your markdown files in subdirectories to generate sub-routes.

**Example**

:::code-group

``` [Directory structure]
content/
  examples/
    basic-usage.md
  setup.md
```

``` [Generated routes]
/examples/basic-usage
/setup
```

:::

> You can take a look at our [docs content folder](https://github.com/nuxt/content/tree/dev/docs/content/en) to see an example
