# Configuration

Configuring a theme is extremly easy with Docus.

Any theme exposes its available configuration keys by defining them in `theme` key from `nuxt.config`.

Once the Nuxt project boots, the theme configuration typings will be generated automatically and available globally.

## `_theme.yml`

The `_theme.yml` file is the preferred way to configure the theme you are using in your project.

It should follow the same structure as the `theme` key in nuxt.config except it is a `.yml` file.

This file benefit of **HMR** as any other `content/` files, you can change these configurations without needing to reboot.

It has to be placed at root of `content/` directory.

```yaml [_theme.yml]
title: "The Next Big Thing"
description: "Let's conquer the world!"
```

## `theme` key in `nuxt.config`

By using this key, you can define values that will be used as defaults for your project.

Usually, this key is used by theme authors to define their default values, but some keys has to be defined there.

These keys will usually be listed in your theme configuration page.

```typescript
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  theme: {
    title: "My Docus Theme",
    description: "What a wonderful way to build a documentation!"
  }
})
```

## Merging

If you are using both `theme` key in `nuxt.config` and `_theme.yml` file, you have to understand how these gets merged.

As `theme` key is supposed to be used for _defaults_, it will be merged with `_theme.yml` file.

`_theme.yml` will always have priority over any `theme` key in all the `nuxt.config` you're extending from.
