docs/content/3.packages/1.docs/2.configuration.md, before:

---
title: "Configuration"
description: "How to configure the docs-theme package."
toc: false
---

::code-group

```yaml [Minimal _theme.yml]
# Website config
title: "Docus"
description: "My Docus Project"
url: "http://localhost:3000"
layout: "docs"
```

```yaml [Complete _theme.yml]
# Website config
title: "Docus"
description: "My Docus Project"
url: "http://localhost:3000"
layout: "docs"

# Socials icons links
socials:
  twitter: "@docus_"
  github: "nuxtlabs/docus"

# Social image cover
cover:
  src: "/cover-image.jpeg"
  alt: "A cover image for this project."

# Header management
header:
  logo: true
  title: false

# Aside management
aside:
  collapsed: false
  level: 1
  filter:
    - /
    - /any-path

# Footer management
footer:
  # Credits to be displayed in the footer
  credits:
    icon: "IconNuxtLabs"
    text: "Made by NuxtLabs"
    href: "https://nuxtlabs.com"
  # You can add as many icons you want here
  icons:
  - label: "NuxtJS"
    href: "https://nuxtjs.org"
    component: "IconNuxt"
    class: "w-6 h-6"
  - label: "Vue Telescope"
    href: "https://vuetelescope.com"
    component: "IconVueTelescope"
    class: "w-6 h-6"


# GitHub theme integration
github:
  # Whether or not to show releases
  releases: true
  # Whether or not to show the EditOnGithub component
  edit: true
  # Root to be used for EditOnGithub component
  root: content/
  # Shows the GitHub page contributors
  contributors: true

# Debug utilities
debug:
  # Will log page data on each page change
  page: false
  # Will log navigation data on each navigation change
  navigation: false
  # Will log theme data on each theme change
  theme: false
```

::

| **Key**                     | **Type**   | **Default**      | **Description**                                                     |
| --------------------------- | ---------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `title`                     | `string`   | Docus            | Website title                                                       |
| `description`               | `string`   | My Docus Project | Website description                                                 |
| `url`                       | `string`   |                  | Website URL                                                         |
| `layout`                    | `string`   | docs             | Layout to use                                                       |
| **Socials**                 |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `socials`                   | `object`   |                  | Social links                                                        |
| `socials.github`            | `string`   |                  | The repository to use on GitHub links                               |
| `socials.twitter`           | `string`   |                  | The account to use on Twitter links                                 |
| **Open Graph**              |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `cover`                     | `object`   |                  | OpenGraph cover image                                               |
| `cover.src`                 | `string`   |                  | The source of the cover image                                       |
| `cover.alt`                 | `string`   |                  | The alt text to use for the cover image                             |
| **Header**                  |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `header`                    | `object`   |                  | Header configuration                                                |
| `header.logo`               | `boolean`  |                  | Whether or not to use `Logo.vue` as the header logo                 |
| `header.title`              | `string`   |                  | If set to a string, will be used in the header                      |
| **Aside**                   |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `aside`                     | `object`   |                  | Aside configuration                                                 |
| `aside.level`               | `string`   | 0                | Aside base level of nesting                                         |
| `aside.filter`              | `string[]` |                  | An array of path to filter out from the navigation                  |
| `aside.collapsed`           | `boolean`  |                  | Will be used as default value for collapsible navigation categories |
| **Footer**                  |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `footer`                    | `object`   |                  | Footer configuration                                                |
| `footer.credits`            | `object`   |                  | An object defining the bottom left credits                          |
| `footer.credits.icon`       | `object`   |                  | The icon to use for the credits                                     |
| `footer.credits.text`       | `object`   |                  | The text to use for the credits                                     |
| `footer.icons`              | `array`    |                  | An array of icons to display in the footer                          |
| `footer.icons[0].label`     | `array`    |                  | A label to use for the icon                                         |
| `footer.icons[0].href`      | `array`    |                  | A link to use for the icon                                          |
| `footer.icons[0].component` | `array`    |                  | The component to use for the icon                                   |
| `footer.icons[0].class`     | `array`    |                  | Some classes to add on the icon                                     |
| **Debug**                   |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `debug`                     | `object`   |                  | Footer configuration                                                |
| `debug.page`                | `object`   |                  | Toggle the page logging                                             |
| `debug.navigation`          | `object`   |                  | Toggle the navigation logging                                       |
| `debug.theme`               | `object`   |                  | Toggle theme logging                                                |
| **GitHub**                  |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `github`                    | `object`   | `false`          | GitHub integration configuration                                    |
| `github.edit`               | `boolean`  |                  | Toggle "Edit on Github" component on documentation pages            |
| `github.root`               | `string`   |                  | The root path to use for "Edit on Github" component                 |
| `github.contributors`       | `string`   |                  | Toggle "Contributors" component on documentation pages              |

Commit message:

feat(header): dynamic social icons (#586)
Co-authored-by: Yaël Guilloux <yael.guilloux@gmail.com>

docs/content/3.packages/1.docs/2.configuration.md, after:

---
title: "Configuration"
description: "How to configure the docs-theme package."
toc: false
---

::code-group

```yaml [Minimal _theme.yml]
# Website config
title: "Docus"
description: "My Docus Project"
url: "http://localhost:3000"
layout: "docs"
```

```yaml [Complete _theme.yml]
# Website config
title: "Docus"
description: "My Docus Project"
url: "http://localhost:3000"
layout: "docs"

# Socials icons links
socials:
  twitter: "@docus_"
  github: "nuxtlabs/docus"

# Social image cover
cover:
  src: "/cover-image.jpeg"
  alt: "A cover image for this project."

# Header management
header:
  logo: true
  title: false

# Aside management
aside:
  collapsed: false
  level: 1
  filter:
    - /
    - /any-path

# Footer management
footer:
  # Credits to be displayed in the footer
  credits:
    icon: "IconNuxtLabs"
    text: "Made by NuxtLabs"
    href: "https://nuxtlabs.com"
  # You can add as many icons you want here
  icons:
  - label: "NuxtJS"
    href: "https://nuxtjs.org"
    component: "IconNuxt"
    class: "w-6 h-6"
  - label: "Vue Telescope"
    href: "https://vuetelescope.com"
    component: "IconVueTelescope"
    class: "w-6 h-6"


# GitHub theme integration
github:
  # Whether or not to show releases
  releases: true
  # Whether or not to show the EditOnGithub component
  edit: true
  # Root to be used for EditOnGithub component
  root: content/
  # Shows the GitHub page contributors
  contributors: true

# Debug utilities
debug:
  # Will log page data on each page change
  page: false
  # Will log navigation data on each navigation change
  navigation: false
  # Will log theme data on each theme change
  theme: false
```

::

| **Key**                     | **Type**   | **Default**      | **Description**                                                     |
| --------------------------- | ---------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `title`                     | `string`   | Docus            | Website title                                                       |
| `description`               | `string`   | My Docus Project | Website description                                                 |
| `url`                       | `string`   |                  | Website URL                                                         |
| `layout`                    | `string`   | docs             | Layout to use                                                       |
| **Socials**                 |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `socials`                   | `object`   |                  | Social links                                                        |
| `socials.github`            | `string`   |                  | The repository to use on GitHub links                               |
| `socials.twitter`           | `string`   |                  | The account to use on Twitter links                                 |
| `socials.youtube`           | `string`   |                  | The channel to use on Youtube links                                 |
| `socials.instagram`         | `string`   |                  | The account to use on Instagram links                               |
| `socials.facebook`          | `string`   |                  | The account to use on Facebook links                                |
| `socials.medium`            | `string`   |                  | The account to use on Medium links                                  |
| `socials.[social]`          | `object`   |                  | Override social or display custom one                               |
| `socials.[social].label`    | `string`   |                  | A label to use for the social                                       |
| `socials.[social].icon`     | `string`   |                  | A icon to use for the social                                        |
| `socials.[social].href`     | `string`   |                  | A link to use for the social                                        |
| **Open Graph**              |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `cover`                     | `object`   |                  | OpenGraph cover image                                               |
| `cover.src`                 | `string`   |                  | The source of the cover image                                       |
| `cover.alt`                 | `string`   |                  | The alt text to use for the cover image                             |
| **Header**                  |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `header`                    | `object`   |                  | Header configuration                                                |
| `header.logo`               | `boolean`  |                  | Whether or not to use `Logo.vue` as the header logo                 |
| `header.title`              | `string`   |                  | If set to a string, will be used in the header                      |
| **Aside**                   |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `aside`                     | `object`   |                  | Aside configuration                                                 |
| `aside.level`               | `string`   | 0                | Aside base level of nesting                                         |
| `aside.filter`              | `string[]` |                  | An array of path to filter out from the navigation                  |
| `aside.collapsed`           | `boolean`  |                  | Will be used as default value for collapsible navigation categories |
| **Footer**                  |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `footer`                    | `object`   |                  | Footer configuration                                                |
| `footer.credits`            | `object`   |                  | An object defining the bottom left credits                          |
| `footer.credits.icon`       | `object`   |                  | The icon to use for the credits                                     |
| `footer.credits.text`       | `object`   |                  | The text to use for the credits                                     |
| `footer.icons`              | `array`    |                  | An array of icons to display in the footer                          |
| `footer.icons[0].label`     | `array`    |                  | A label to use for the icon                                         |
| `footer.icons[0].href`      | `array`    |                  | A link to use for the icon                                          |
| `footer.icons[0].component` | `array`    |                  | The component to use for the icon                                   |
| `footer.icons[0].class`     | `array`    |                  | Some classes to add on the icon                                     |
| **Debug**                   |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `debug`                     | `object`   |                  | Footer configuration                                                |
| `debug.page`                | `object`   |                  | Toggle the page logging                                             |
| `debug.navigation`          | `object`   |                  | Toggle the navigation logging                                       |
| `debug.theme`               | `object`   |                  | Toggle theme logging                                                |
| **GitHub**                  |            |                  |                                                                     |
| `github`                    | `object`   | `false`          | GitHub integration configuration                                    |
| `github.edit`               | `boolean`  |                  | Toggle "Edit on Github" component on documentation pages            |
| `github.root`               | `string`   |                  | The root path to use for "Edit on Github" component                 |
| `github.contributors`       | `string`   |                  | Toggle "Contributors" component on documentation pages              |
