docs/content/3.packages/1.docs/5.pages.md, before:

---
title: Front-matter
description: "Docus supports multiple Front-matter attributes for pages."
---

```md
---
layout: "docs"
title: "Get Started"
description: "Let's learn how to use my amazing module."
---
```

| **Key**                 | **Type**  | **Default** | **Description**                                               |
| ----------------------- | --------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `layout`                | `string`  | `docs`      | Use any layout name like you would in `definePageMeta()`      |
| `title`                 | `string`  |             | Defines the page title and H1 in docs pages                   |
| `description`           | `string`  |             | Defines the page description and excerpt in docs pages        |
| `redirect`              | `string`  |             | A route path to redirect                                      |
| **Cover picture**       |           |             |                                                               |
| `cover`                 | `object`  |             | OpenGraph cover image                                         |
| `cover.src`             | `string`  |             | The source of the cover image                                 |
| `cover.alt`             | `string`  |             | The alt text to use for the cover image                       |
| **Docs layout options** |           |             |                                                               |
| `aside`                 | `boolean` |             | Toggles the visibility of aside navigation                    |
| `toc`                   | `boolean` |             | Toggles the visibility of table of contents                   |
| `bottom`                | `boolean` |             | Toggles the visibility of page bottom section                 |
| **Navigation options**  |           |             |                                                               |
| `navigation`            | `boolean` |             | Toggles the visibility of the page or directory in navigation |
| `navigation.title`      | `string`  |             | Changes the name of the page or directory in navigation       |
| `navigation.icon`       | `string`  |             | Changes the icon of the page or directory in navigation       |

Commit message:

feat(header): allow toggling page header from front-matter

docs/content/3.packages/1.docs/5.pages.md, after:

---
title: Front-matter
toc: false
description: "Docus supports multiple Front-matter attributes for pages."
---

```md
---
layout: "docs"
title: "Get Started"
description: "Let's learn how to use my amazing module."
---
```

| **Key**                 | **Type**  | **Default** | **Description**                                               |
| ----------------------- | --------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `layout`                | `string`  | `docs`      | Use any layout name like you would in `definePageMeta()`      |
| `title`                 | `string`  |             | Defines the page title and H1 in docs pages                   |
| `description`           | `string`  |             | Defines the page description and excerpt in docs pages        |
| `redirect`              | `string`  |             | A route path to redirect                                      |
| **Cover picture**       |           |             |                                                               |
| `cover`                 | `object`  |             | OpenGraph cover image                                         |
| `cover.src`             | `string`  |             | The source of the cover image                                 |
| `cover.alt`             | `string`  |             | The alt text to use for the cover image                       |
| **Docs layout options** |           |             |                                                               |
| `aside`                 | `boolean` |             | Toggles the visibility of aside navigation                    |
| `toc`                   | `boolean` |             | Toggles the visibility of table of contents                   |
| `header`                | `boolean` |             | Toggles the visibility of the page header                     |
| `bottom`                | `boolean` |             | Toggles the visibility of page bottom section                 |
| **Navigation options**  |           |             |                                                               |
| `navigation`            | `boolean` |             | Toggles the visibility of the page or directory in navigation |
| `navigation.title`      | `string`  |             | Changes the name of the page or directory in navigation       |
| `navigation.icon`       | `string`  |             | Changes the icon of the page or directory in navigation       |
