---
category: Usage
icon: ðŸ—
---

# Template

> Customize your docs with slots or overwrite the templates components ðŸ§©
## Template Parts

Docus template is designed to be simple and flexible. The template consists of four main components that create the structure of the template. `<AppContainer>`, `<AppHeader>`, `<AppAside>` and `<AppPage>`.

Please take a look at the [components/templates/](https://github.com/nuxtlabs/docus/tree/main/theme/components/templates) directory to jump right into the code.

### `<AppContainer>`

This component declares the main structure of the page. `<AppHeader>`, `<AppAside>` and `<AppPage>` are wrapped together inside this component.

### `<AppHeader>`

The fixed component including logo, search box and utility actions.

### `<AppAside>`

The main menu of your documentation. It shows a list of all available contents of the site.

### `<AppPage>`

A wrapper component that contains everything about the page, including page content, table of contents and so on.

### `<PageToc>`

Display table of contents of the document. This component does not show on [fullscreen document](/usage/content#front-matter). This component shows inside the page on the right side of document content.

### `<PageBottom>`

Display information about the document, including the last modified date and a link to edit the document. This component shows inside the page and under the document content.

### `<PagePrevNext>`

Display links to the next and previous pages. This component shows inside the `<AppPage>` and under the `<PageBottom>`.

### `<AlgoliaSearchBox>`

The search box component that integrates with [Algolia Doc search](https://docsearch.algolia.com/). This component shows inside the `<AppHeader>`.
## Customize Template

With the power of the [Nuxt Components](https://github.com/nuxt/components#overwriting-components), every part of the template is fully customizable. Overwriting a component is simple as creating a new component.

To make a custom Header for your documentation, create a component in `components/Header.vue`:

```vue [components/Header.vue]
<template>
  <div class="sticky top-0 z-40 flex flex-none w-full mx-auto lg:z-50 max-w-8xl app-header">
    <div class="flex items-center flex-none pl-4 border-b border-gray-200 sm:pl-6 lg:ml-6 lg:pl-0 xl:ml-8 dark:border-gray-800">
      <NuxtLink :to="localePath('/')" class="w-auto overflow-hidden">
        LOGO
      </NuxtLink>
    </div>
    <div class="flex items-center justify-between flex-auto px-4 space-x-6 border-b border-gray-200 dark:border-gray-800 h-18 sm:px-6 lg:mr-6 lg:px-0 xl:mr-8">
      Custom Header content
    </div>
  </div>
</template>
```

## Slots

Docus supports customizable slots in the template, which can be used to show custom information. Just create a component inside your `components` directory with the same name as the slot.

For example to overwrite the `<AsideTop>` slot, create `components/AsideTop.vue`:

```vue [components/AsideTop.vue]
<template>
  <div>
    Customized Content
  </div>
</template>
```

Here is the complete list of available slots:

- `<HeaderLogo>`
- `<HeaderRightCTA>`
- `<AsideTop>`
- `<AsideBottom>`
- `<PageTocTop>`
- `<PageTocBottom>`
- `<FooterBody>`
