playground/content/nuxt3.md, before:

# Nuxt 3

Welcome to Nuxt 3 repository: **The Hybrid Vue Framework** ✨

## Introduction

Nuxt's goal is to make web development intuitive and performant with a great developer experience in mind, learn more in the ["What is Nuxt?"](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/guide/concepts/introduction) section of our documentation.

::table
  ::tbody
    ::tr
      ::td
      ## 📖 Documentation
      Read [Online Docs](https://v3.nuxtjs.org).
      ::
      ::td
      ## 🐞 Reporting bugs
      Check out [Reporting Bugs](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/community/reporting-bugs) page.
      ::
    ::
    ::tr
      ::td
      ## 💡 Suggestions
      Check out [Contribution](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/community/contribution) page.
      ::
      ::td
      ## ❔ Questions
      Check out [Getting Help](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/community/getting-help) page.
      ::
    ::
  ::
::

## 💻 Development

- Clone repository
- Ensure you have the latest LTS version of Node.js installed
- Install dependencies with `npx yarn install`
- Run `npx yarn stub` to activate passive development
- Open playground with `npx yarn dev`

Learn more about in our documentation on [how to contribute to Nuxt](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/community/contribution).

## 📖 Documentation

We are using [Docus](https://nuxtlabs.com/docus) for documentation (*It is planned to be open sourced in the following weeks*).

We recommend to install the [Docus extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=NuxtLabs.docus) for VS Code.

- Run `npx yarn stub` once in the root directory
- Go into the docs directory: `cd docs`
- Install docs dependencies with `npx yarn install`
- Run `npx yarn dev` to start Docus in development mode

The pages are generated from [docs/content/](./docs/content), you can start editing them to start helping us on documenting Nuxt 3 💚

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

chore(ci): fix ci ; fully replace yarn by pnpm

playground/content/nuxt3.md, after:

# Nuxt 3

Welcome to Nuxt 3 repository: **The Hybrid Vue Framework** ✨

## Introduction

Nuxt's goal is to make web development intuitive and performant with a great developer experience in mind, learn more in the ["What is Nuxt?"](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/guide/concepts/introduction) section of our documentation.

::table
  ::tbody
    ::tr
      ::td
      ## 📖 Documentation
      Read [Online Docs](https://v3.nuxtjs.org).
      ::
      ::td
      ## 🐞 Reporting bugs
      Check out [Reporting Bugs](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/community/reporting-bugs) page.
      ::
    ::
    ::tr
      ::td
      ## 💡 Suggestions
      Check out [Contribution](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/community/contribution) page.
      ::
      ::td
      ## ❔ Questions
      Check out [Getting Help](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/community/getting-help) page.
      ::
    ::
  ::
::

## 💻 Development

- Clone repository
- Ensure you have the latest LTS version of Node.js installed
- Install dependencies with `pnpm install`
- Run `pnpm stub` to activate passive development
- Open playground with `pnpm dev`

Learn more about in our documentation on [how to contribute to Nuxt](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/community/contribution).

## 📖 Documentation

We are using [Docus](https://nuxtlabs.com/docus) for documentation (*It is planned to be open sourced in the following weeks*).

We recommend to install the [Docus extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=NuxtLabs.docus) for VS Code.

- Run `pnpm stub` once in the root directory
- Go into the docs directory: `cd docs`
- Install docs dependencies with `pnpm install`
- Run `pnpm dev` to start Docus in development mode

The pages are generated from [docs/content/](./docs/content), you can start editing them to start helping us on documenting Nuxt 3 💚

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)
