docs/content/3.features/1.routing.md, before:

# Filesystem routing

> A good looking website from any directory. 🔮

Each markdown page in the `contentDir` directory will become a page and will be listed in the left navigation.

You can also put your markdown files in nested directories to generate nested routes.

**Example**

::code-group

``` [Directory structure]
content/
  examples/
    basic-usage.md
  setup.md
```

``` [Generated routes]
/examples/basic-usage
/setup
```

::

# Ordering

You can easily build the navigation order from any directory using number prefixes.

```
content/
   1.examples/
      index.md
      1.vercel.md
      2.netlify.md
      3.heroku.md
   2.frameworks/
    1.vue.md
    2.nuxt.md 
```

# Filtering

If you are working on a draft that you do not want to be displayed from the navigation, just prefix it with "_".

It will ignore this file and it will not be accessible unless you're in **development** or **admin** mode.

```
content/
   1.examples/ 
      _hidden.md // Hidden file
   _2.frameworks/ // Hidden directory
      hidden.md
```

> You can take a look at our [docs content folder](https://github.com/nuxt/content/tree/dev/docs/content/en) to see an example

Commit message:

:pencil: (docs) write a lot of content

docs/content/3.features/1.routing.md, after:

# Filesystem routing

> A good looking website from any directory. 🔮

Each markdown page in the `contentDir` directory will become a page and will be listed in the left navigation.

You can also put your markdown files in nested directories to generate nested routes.

**Example**

::code-group

``` [Directory structure]
content/
  examples/
    basic-usage.md
  setup.md
```

``` [Generated routes]
/examples/basic-usage
/setup
```

::

## Ordering

You can easily build the navigation order from any directory using number prefixes.

```
content/
   1.examples/
      index.md
      1.vercel.md
      2.netlify.md
      3.heroku.md
   2.frameworks/
    1.vue.md
    2.nuxt.md 
```

## Filtering

If you are working on a draft that you do not want to be displayed from the navigation, just prefix it with "_".

It will ignore this file and it will not be accessible unless you're in **development** or **admin** mode.

You can still use the content from these files using [`InjectContent`](/theme/components#inject-content) component.

```
content/
   1.examples/ 
      _hidden.md // Hidden file
   _2.frameworks/ // Hidden directory
      hidden.md
```

> You can take a look at our [docs content folder](https://github.com/nuxt/content/tree/dev/docs/content/en) to see an example
