docs/content/1.get-started/2.configuration.md, before:

---
category: Getting Started
---

# Configuration

> Tailor Docus for your own identity easily 🌈
## Theme

You can create a `content/settings.json` file to configure the theme.

```json [content/settings.json]
{
  "title": "Docus",
  "url": "https://docus.dev",
  // Optional
  "layout": "docs",
  "logo": "logo.svg",
  "twitter": "@nuxt_js",
  "github": "nuxtlabs/docus",
  "colors": {
    "primary": "#06B6D4"
  }
}
```

The theme design is based on a `primary` color to make it easy to override, you can specify it using `colors.primary` in your `content/settings.json`, the color palette (50 to 900) is generated using [theme-colors](https://github.com/nuxt-contrib/theme-colors).

### Properties

<d-table-container>

| Key | Type | Description |
|---------|------|-------------|
| `title` | `String` | Documentation title |
| `description` | `String` | Brief summary about documentation, added for search engine optimization and social sharing |
| `url` | `String` | Url of your deployed documentation. |
| `layout` | `String` | The layout of your documentation (defaults to `docs`). Can be changed to `readme` to have a one-page doc. |
| `logo` | `String` `Object` | Logo of the project, can be an `Object` to set a logo per [color mode](https://github.com/nuxt-community/color-mode-module). To display the logo, see `header.logo` section. |
| `header.logo` | `Boolean` | Defaults to `false`, set to `true` to display the logo in header. |
| `header.title` | `Boolean` | Defaults to `true`, set to `false` to hide the title and only display the logo in header. |
| `twitter` | `String` | Twitter username to link in the header. Example: `@nuxt_js`. |
| `github` | `Object` or `String` | Can be a `String` to act as `github.repo` if no other config is needed. |
| `github.repo` | `String` | GitHub repository for the project. This will enable displaying the last version, the releases page, the link at the top and the `Edit this page on GitHub link` on each page. Example: `nuxt/content`. |
| `github.url` | `String` | For GitHub Enterprise, in addition to `github.repo`, you have to assign an url. Example: `https://hostname`. Defaults to `https://github.com`. |
| `github.apiUrl` | `String` | For GitHub Enterprise, in addition to `github.repo`, you have to assign an api url. Example: `https://hostname/api/v3/repos`. Defaults to `https://api.github.com/repos`. |
| `github.branch` | `String` | The default branch for the GitHub repository of your project, used in the `Edit this page on GitHub link` on each page (defaults to `main` if it cannot be detected). |
| `github.dir` | `String` | The default dir of your project, used in the `Edit this page on GitHub link` on each page (defaults to `''`). Change it if docus is not at the root of your repository. |
| `colors.primary` | `String` | The primary color of the theme, the value should be hexadecimal or rgb (`145,22,74`). Default value is `#3073F1`. |
| `algolia` | `Object` | This option allows you to use [Algolia DocSearch](https://docsearch.algolia.com). In order to enable it, you need to provide at least the `apiKey` and the `indexName`. See example below. |
| `credits` | `Boolean` | Defaults to `true`, set to `false` to hide `Made with Docus` credits |

</d-table-container>

### Algolia Search

This option allows you to use [Algolia DocSearch](https://docsearch.algolia.com). In order to enable it, you need to provide at least the `apiKey` and the `indexName`:

```json [content/settings.json]
"algolia": {
  "apiKey": "<API_KEY>",
  "indexName": "<INDEX_NAME>",
  "langAttribute": "language"
}
```

If you use `i18n`, make sure the `<langAttribute>` is the same as the html lang selector in the config (defaults to `language`).

Take a look at the [@nuxt/content](https://github.com/algolia/docsearch-configs/blob/master/configs/nuxtjs_content.json) docsearch config for an example.

## Nuxt

`docus` exports a function to setup the `nuxt.config.js` and allows you to add/override the [Nuxt config](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/configuration-glossary/configuration-build).

You can checkout the [default nuxt.config.js](https://github.com/nuxt/docus/blob/main/theme/nuxt.config.js) from docus. We use [defu.arrayFn](https://github.com/nuxt-contrib/defu#array-function-merger) to merge the default configuration with the one provided.

Example with custom configuration:

```ts [nuxt.config.js]
import { withDocus } from 'docus'

export default withDocus({
  buildModules: [
    'vue-plausible'
  ]
  plausible: {
    domain: 'docus.dev'
  }
})
```

## Windi CSS

You can override the [default Windi config](https://github.com/nuxt/docus/blob/main/theme/windi.config.js) by creating your own `windi.config.js`.

```js [windi.config.js]
module.exports = {
  theme: {
    extend: {
      // ...
    }
  }
}
```


As with the [Nuxt config](#nuxt), we use [defu.arrayFn](https://github.com/nuxt-contrib/defu#array-function-merger) to merge configurations.

Commit message:

docs: add `github.releases` explanation
Co-authored-by: Damien Guard <damieng@gmail.com>

docs/content/1.get-started/2.configuration.md, after:

---
category: Getting Started
---

# Configuration

> Tailor Docus for your own identity easily 🌈
## Theme

You can create a `content/settings.json` file to configure the theme.

```json [content/settings.json]
{
  "title": "Docus",
  "url": "https://docus.dev",
  // Optional
  "layout": "docs",
  "logo": "logo.svg",
  "twitter": "@nuxt_js",
  "github": "nuxtlabs/docus",
  "colors": {
    "primary": "#06B6D4"
  }
}
```

The theme design is based on a `primary` color to make it easy to override, you can specify it using `colors.primary` in your `content/settings.json`, the color palette (50 to 900) is generated using [theme-colors](https://github.com/nuxt-contrib/theme-colors).

### Properties

<d-table-container>

| Key | Type | Description |
|---------|------|-------------|
| `title` | `String` | Documentation title |
| `description` | `String` | Brief summary about documentation, added for search engine optimization and social sharing |
| `url` | `String` | Url of your deployed documentation. |
| `layout` | `String` | The layout of your documentation (defaults to `docs`). Can be changed to `readme` to have a one-page doc. |
| `logo` | `String` `Object` | Logo of the project, can be an `Object` to set a logo per [color mode](https://github.com/nuxt-community/color-mode-module). To display the logo, see `header.logo` section. |
| `header.logo` | `Boolean` | Defaults to `false`, set to `true` to display the logo in header. |
| `header.title` | `Boolean` | Defaults to `true`, set to `false` to hide the title and only display the logo in header. |
| `twitter` | `String` | Twitter username to link in the header. Example: `@nuxt_js`. |
| `github` | `Object` or `String` | Can be a `String` to act as `github.repo` if no other config is needed. |
| `github.repo` | `String` | GitHub repository for the project. This will enable displaying the last version, the releases page, the link at the top and the `Edit this page on GitHub link` on each page. Example: `nuxt/content`. |
| `github.url` | `String` | For GitHub Enterprise, in addition to `github.repo`, you have to assign an url. Example: `https://hostname`. Defaults to `https://github.com`. |
| `github.apiUrl` | `String` | For GitHub Enterprise, in addition to `github.repo`, you have to assign an api url. Example: `https://hostname/api/v3/repos`. Defaults to `https://api.github.com/repos`. |
| `github.branch` | `String` | The default branch for the GitHub repository of your project, used in the `Edit this page on GitHub link` on each page (defaults to `main` if it cannot be detected). |
| `github.dir` | `String` | The default dir of your project, used in the `Edit this page on GitHub link` on each page (defaults to `''`). Change it if docus is not at the root of your repository. |
| `github.releases` | `Boolean` | Defaults to true, set to false to disable the releases page. |
| `colors.primary` | `String` | The primary color of the theme, the value should be hexadecimal or rgb (`145,22,74`). Default value is `#3073F1`. |
| `algolia` | `Object` | This option allows you to use [Algolia DocSearch](https://docsearch.algolia.com). In order to enable it, you need to provide at least the `apiKey` and the `indexName`. See example below. |
| `credits` | `Boolean` | Defaults to `true`, set to `false` to hide `Made with Docus` credits |

</d-table-container>

### Algolia Search

This option allows you to use [Algolia DocSearch](https://docsearch.algolia.com). In order to enable it, you need to provide at least the `apiKey` and the `indexName`:

```json [content/settings.json]
"algolia": {
  "apiKey": "<API_KEY>",
  "indexName": "<INDEX_NAME>",
  "langAttribute": "language"
}
```

If you use `i18n`, make sure the `<langAttribute>` is the same as the html lang selector in the config (defaults to `language`).

Take a look at the [@nuxt/content](https://github.com/algolia/docsearch-configs/blob/master/configs/nuxtjs_content.json) docsearch config for an example.

## Nuxt

`docus` exports a function to setup the `nuxt.config.js` and allows you to add/override the [Nuxt config](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/configuration-glossary/configuration-build).

You can checkout the [default nuxt.config.js](https://github.com/nuxt/docus/blob/main/theme/nuxt.config.js) from docus. We use [defu.arrayFn](https://github.com/nuxt-contrib/defu#array-function-merger) to merge the default configuration with the one provided.

Example with custom configuration:

```ts [nuxt.config.js]
import { withDocus } from 'docus'

export default withDocus({
  buildModules: [
    'vue-plausible'
  ]
  plausible: {
    domain: 'docus.dev'
  }
})
```

## Windi CSS

You can override the [default Windi config](https://github.com/nuxt/docus/blob/main/theme/windi.config.js) by creating your own `windi.config.js`.

```js [windi.config.js]
module.exports = {
  theme: {
    extend: {
      // ...
    }
  }
}
```


As with the [Nuxt config](#nuxt), we use [defu.arrayFn](https://github.com/nuxt-contrib/defu#array-function-merger) to merge configurations.
